placeholder is in reporting URL's query string now (#345)
WICG/turtledove: Release_Notes.md

# FLEDGE Release Notes

## Chrome M107

*   Bug fixes:

>     *   ['forDebuggingOnly' URLs only replaces post-auction signals placeholders in query parameters now, instead of path](http://crbug.com/1338233).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   [The `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API was fixed to perform post-auction signal parameter replacement on URL query parameters instead of the URL path](http://crbug.com/1338233).
```

Author: Done.
I think worth calling out both `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` and `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionWin()` APIs?
